it will be done through Danny Davis talk
about growing the parties in on the line
Danny Davis demanding be matched with
rod chair the huge massive rob Terry
tonight in just a matter of minutes
Kinney all people to challenge it's sad
when the old go see now the following
majesty idle for one fall introducing
first accompanied to the ring by Rudy
switchblade and Joe said Bynum
representing the family mr. pec-tacular
Jesse scullers Dane I appreciate you
getting in there and saving my son and
many others their jobs but what you may
have done is gone ahead took Danny Davis
to the old folks home with you before he
went off and made this suicidal mention
he's going to die tonight
well I did not know that Danny was going
to do that
I was wondering over didn't don't know
Danny knew he was going to do it I thank
you it got desperate
granny uses for the moment Oregon its
opponent from the most beautiful
independent state in the world this is
paradise
you can't tell me that Danny Davis got
never anything yeah I'm gonna fight rob
Terry and if I get beat then I'll walk
away from my company no but what I will
tell you is Danny Davis got into that
ring new knowing that he was going to
have to do whatever he was going to have
to do to get Joe VW out of here right
now checking Jesse gutters attacking the
balloons and paradise at the other end
of it kanya blaming you got paradise out
here running around here with all these
balloons not realizing he's in a
wrestling match was one of the toughest
people that the joseph has got under
contract my goodness as dollars just
blows up the panthan and paradise is
back home how about using the blow me
chatter I've heard of being blowed up
before but that that's ridiculous
he nearly blew him out of the building
gain switch boys the last slide I hope I
win the balloon payment they were
talking about right now daughters trying
to do something I'll pull her legs back
in right now paradise like a bomb went
off the early Pearl Harbor attack by
Jessie goners ho cover hooks the far leg
one to keep in mind we are just hours
away from Joe VW versus OVW right here
Davis arena they this plans to be with
us
I thought the explosion we had out here
with Danny Davis was loud the hell we
got bombs going off in the ring and
Chris hustle keep in mind tomorrow night
we're going to be a Derby Park Expo five
spur our first Sunday night special oh
man what a slam from God his cover hooks
the far leg one two and the kick-out for
paradise paradise come out here and all
of his glory and splendor and he's been
taking a butt-kicking every sense he
might be more focused when an MP ever
gets in a wrestling ring again even
Paradise has the key design not only on
Goddard but also on switchblade case in
point
switchblade from outside Shogun paradise
what he got you man as a Joe set Bynum
loving every bit as Joe sent by them
found her entire wrestling family's
career gone well in a matter of seconds
and then brought back in a matter of
thing I bless fired all about with
services whether oh yeah almost we got
about there is a sidebar throughout
threw us under the bus for no apparent
reason
well there's a cover one to the cook up
from prioritizes but all gardens but
since we sorted this man but thanks to
you and thus analogy of Danny Davis and
apparently Kent Lane don't even care
about his partner because he just signed
his death certificate
well it'll wait into three of you Boleyn
services and Joseph Bonham has got their
entire company back look I will admit
until Danny whispered whatever he
whispered and akin Wayne's fear what
possibly could he have with well you can
yes
totus goes away he is victorious
and this is the way it's going to start
for jovi deafness
this may be a bad weekend